What is ORO?	
Our mission is to empower you to capture the unprecedented value of your data in the age of AI.	
ORO is a decentralized platform that fairly compensates you when you contribute your data to AI’s advancement.	
"It puts your privacy first and control in your hands, and it’s built to make your data work for you – not big tech."	
What problem does ORO solve?	
AI has hit a wall.	
"Publicly available data is running dry, and companies need high-quality private data to reach the next frontier of intelli gence."	
But most of it remains inaccessible.	
"That's where you come in. Every day, you generate the kind of rich, real-world data AI needs."	
ORO bridges this gap so you can get fairly compensated when you contribute your data to help AI get smarter.	
"Plus, our privacy-preserving technology ensures your personal information stays protected while it powers the future of in telligence."	
How does ORO help shape a decentralized future?	
ORO’s privacy-preserving technology creates a vault where data is processed using cryptography (zkTLS) and secure computeenvironments (TEEs).	
This cutting-edge technique ensures only the new and improved models – never your actual data – leave the vault.	
"This also means your data’s integrity and scarcity are preserved, and your personal information stays protected."	
"What’s more, on-chain validation and scoring mechanisms make ORO transparent and trustless,"	
so your contributions are properly tracked and compensation	
How does ORO protect my data?	
ORO’s privacy-preserving technology creates a vault where data is processed using cryptography (zkTLS) and secure compute environments (TEEs).	
This cutting-edge technique ensures only the new and improved models – never your actual data – leave the vault.	
"This also means your data’s integrity and scarcity are preserved, and your personal information stays protected."	
"What’s more, on-chain validation and scoring mechanisms make ORO transparent and trustless,"	
so your contributions are properly tracked and compensation is always fairly returned back to you.	
How is my data used?	
Your data fuels cutting-edge AI advancement while ORO’s breakthrough technology keeps your privacy completely protected.	
"By sharing through ORO, you directly contribute to world-changing innovations,"	
"including helping medical research detect health issues earlier, and assisting language models to better understand human communication"	.
"Unlike traditional big tech that passively extracts your information, you become an active participant in ORO’s world,"	
"helping shape the AI landscape. With ORO, you’re not just providing data – you're driving discovery and innovation,"	
while being properly rewarded for your contribution.	
What are ORO points?	
ORO points are the rewards you earn every time you share your data.	
"These points will determine your ORO token rewards, which fairly compensate you for the value your data creates."	
There are two ways to earn points:	
Core activities: Link your accounts (like social and/or health) and complete in-app quests	
"Amplifiers: Boost your earnings through engagement, consistency and community participation"	
"Through ORO’s points-earning system, you're rewarded for your contributions, empowering you to be an active participant I n fueling the evolution of AI."	
How do I earn points faster?	
"The ORO experience runs in 3-month seasons. At each season's end, the top 10% of users on our leaderboard will receive excl usive NFTs."	
"Then the competition resets, and everyone starts fresh for the next season."	
"Every action you take builds your point total, increasing your chances to land in that valuable top 10%. The more you parti cipate"	
the more you can earn – and directly reap the benefits for your contribution to AI innovation.	
